W-19134656 Hyperforce updates (#100)
mulesoft/docs-visualizer: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

Lead API Architect Ayesha needs to understand which APIs comply or don’t comply with policies mandated by InfoSec. With the Policy visualization, she can select a set of policies; see which APIs have none, one, or all of these policies applied, and thus ensure adherence to company standards before promoting an API or project to production.

[[visualizer-hyperforce]]
== Visualizer Features by Control Plane

> Anypoint Visualizer feature availability depends on the control plane for your Anypoint Platform instance. Data isn’t shared across the separate instances of Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Visualizer feature availability depends on the control plane of your Anypoint Platform instance. Data isn’t shared across separate Anypoint Platform instances.
```

[%header,cols="3a,1a,1a,1a,1a"]
|===
|Anypoint Visualizer Feature 
|https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/[US], https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/[EU] Clouds
| https://ca1.platform.mulesoft.com/[Canada], https://jp1.platform.mulesoft.com/[Japan] Clouds
| Government Cloud | Private Cloud (3.x)

|{empty}

Troubleshooting visualization, including connection metrics. 
| Yes
| No
| Yes
| Yes

| Hybrid standalone apps are shown in the canvas.
| Yes
| No
| Yes
| Yes

> | Topology is shown for active apps (versus all apps). Active apps are apps that have inbound and outbound traffic within the past seven days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Topology is shown for active apps (versus all apps). Active apps are those with inbound and outbound traffic within the past seven days.
```

| Yes
| No
| Yes
| Yes

| Layers, tags, and display name customizations can be set using runtime properties. 
| Yes
| No
| Yes
| Yes

> |External nodes are grouped by ClientId when the ClientId is present in the app_inbound request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|External nodes are grouped by Client Id when `ClientId` is present in the `app_inbound` request. 
```
